picture give me my fam for the japan
japanese from one's nose this one is the
same German this is gonna be a live
video no editing this is the big news
these days is called lemon Gina but I
moon Juno you got that okay and this is
really bigger than news right now
because I don't know who sent this but
apparently people are saying that this
tastes like dirt or helmet beetles and
it's been all rage on Twitter to the
point that it's sold out everywhere
that's a soy right so what I'm to do
today is taste in front of you and then
I'm going to go through some vocabulary
for those of you who are studying
Japanese some vocabulary or a student
I'm a student today ready here we go
should I shake this is the kind of you
shake or it just uh no just open it made
them born in front bottled in japan
right and they have Orangina which is
very popular in Orangina commercials are
done by what's that guy's name Richard
Gere very popular commercial Japan
really cool Commerce's look at my bunny
to reading here go every but the test
because if it tastes like dirt or humma
Beals it means something about me which
I'll tell you after I taste it taste
good I don't taste it I wouldn't kiss
the dirt no yeah sure take you soon
we'll have the camera is gonna try where
you think just tonight really really she
says it tastes like dirt ok so let's go
let's go little kind of it now because
it didn't taste like that means I'm in
good shape I'm healthy because if it
tastes like dirt that means I'd become a
zombie from overwork I've been
overworked and I'm tired so people who
complain them taste like dirt or helmet
Beatles apparently too tired now you
might think that this and they're saying
this is giving this this new drink it's
a nice to you drink it's giving it a
terrible reputation but as a result of
this terrible repetition it is sold out
everywhere it's very hard to get so we
are very lucky we let the three
convenience torial and finally found one
they're sold out when we go to the staff
yeah it sold out everywhere we don't
know we don't know what to tell people
but anyway here's a vocabulary the first
l word is too cheap oops sissy know a
jay this kind of course mean dirt to
GOOG believe me a closer to on touchy no
touchy is dirt apostrophe s IG so the
taste of dirt that's a perform does it
taste like dirt no it's pretty good to
me actually test like lemons like it
should the next word is kombu tall mushi
mushi courses the kanji for insect and
capitals helmet so to helmet Beal helmet
to be told pollution and the word for
sold out which is a must know in a word
is booty kita nikita nikita and bad
reputation which is a newer for me is
cuckoo Huell Huell is the same cure as
in sherburne which means reputation koku
is like zankoku know this is a the cocoa
from cruelty in the words on cookie
which i will add all these work students
the description minimal editing on this
but i will link you to a funny news
story on tomo news JP where they covered
it as well and they've always been very
very friendly to us and they don't mind
us using but today i'm going to use
their their animation i'm just going to
point you to their video which is an in
the description you can hear all those
words and practice your japanese there i
think this is good i think i like to mix
a little alcohol in there mmm little
vodka pretty good stuff to get to Japan
try this I don't know if they sell in
other places it's apparently says born
in France but I hear from France with
your in France now please tell us if
they sell this there and tell us what
they saw orangina because it's really
popular in Japan but I have no idea the
X Y or something right yeah that's your
lesson for today thanks for watching
everyone and i'll see you in the next
video i want a netbook I want to